Meta-proposal: Require implementors before proposal submission (under review) (#517)
ghc-proposals/ghc-proposals: proposals/0000-template.md

## Implementation Plan

> If accepted who will implement the change? If its is not the proposal authors,
> the proposal authors should someone who is motivated and able to work on an
> implementation of this proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If accepted who will implement the change? Before the proposal is submitted,
the proposal authors should identify someone who is motivated and able to work on an
implementation of this proposal. This may or may not be the proposal authors themselves.
```
